Deprecate neutral button (#3806)
canonical-web-and-design/vanilla-framework: templates/docs/upgrade-guide-v3.md

### Inline images

We deprecated the inline images component. Please use the logo section component instead.

### Buttons

> Neutral button style provided by `p-button--neutral` is exactly the same as default `p-button` styling, so neutral variant is deprecated and will be removed in future version 3.0 of Vanilla. Please use `p-button` instead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The neutral button style provided by `p-button--neutral` is exactly the same as default `p-button` styling, so neutral variant is deprecated and will be removed in future version 3.0 of Vanilla. Please use `p-button` instead.
```

> Neutral button style provided by `p-button--neutral` is exactly the same as default `p-button` styling, so neutral variant is deprecated and will be removed in future version 3.0 of Vanilla. Please use `p-button` instead.

Reviewer 2: If they're in the upgrade guide, you could argue they're already in the future (i.e. dealing with the 3.0 upgrade)
```suggestion
Neutral button style provided by `p-button--neutral` was deprecated as it is exactly the same as default `p-button` styling. Please use `p-button` instead.
```

Author: We are using similar wording in other places where we mention deprecated class names, so I'll leave that.
